John Hazlewood: And, because Whitney, when you kind of joined,
you were kind of in that… you were looking for a bootcamp type,
and you had a lot of positive things to say
when you… when you joined the orientation meeting
to encourage others to join.
You… and I don't…
maybe you want to just tell… tell Mohamed and Mahesh kind of
what you mentioned in that meeting.
Whitney McCosh: Oh, yeah, you know, I still have positive things to say,
I mean, even more so now, because the experience
I'm getting here is probably
really gonna help me get hired.
You know, I went from being a guy
who had a certificate that most employers were,
willing… more than willing to ignore,
to now I have real experience
at a tech company, working with their data stack,
and, you know, running SQL queries,
building data pipelines.
I mean, that looks,
so much better on your certificate
than just,
"I took a 4-week course in Excel."
And so,
So, so yeah, my prospects have really,
have really increased.
And, and you know,
I always did well in school,
but, like, now I'm in a position in life
where I'm kind of...
I need a career shift,
you know, I need,
to get into tech.
I'm juggling a bunch of,
Of jobs which are fun,
but kind of low-paying,
trying to make ends meet,
and this,
this experience could really change my life,
and I want to share that
with anyone else who's interested in the opportunity.
When you look at something like Bootcamp University,
these places, they cost thousands of dollars.
The ones that make guarantees of job offers.
after completion, don't deliver on those promises,
for various reasons.
They disqualify internships,
or if the candidate doesn't want to move to a new city,
they say that he's not seeking a job,
so it doesn't count,
and they make all kinds of excuses
to not actually make a difference in the life of the student while they're charging
you know, exponentially more money than we are,
and so, so yeah,
I would definitely encourage anyone
thinking about joining us
to go ahead and give it a try.
You won't regret it.